Updated NNCF Weight Compression README (#27448)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/openvino-workflow/model-optimization-guide/weight-compression.rst

   # Example: Generating synthetic dataset
   tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(MODEL_ID)
   hf_model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(
        MODEL_ID, export=True, load_in_8bit=False
   )

   # Synthetic-based compression
   synthetic_dataset = nncf.data.generate_text_data(hf_model, tokenizer, dataset_size=100)
   quantization_dataset = nncf.Dataset(
       synthetic_dataset, 
       transform_fn # see example in NNCF repo how to make transform_fn
   )

   model = compress_weights(
       model,
       mode=CompressWeightsMode.INT4_ASYM,
       group_size=64,
       ratio=1.0,
       dataset=quantization_dataset,
       awq=True,
       scale_estimation=True
   )  # model is openvino.Model

For data-aware weight compression refer to the following
`example <https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/tree/develop/examples/llm_compression/openvino/tiny_llama>`__.

.. note::

  Some methods can be stacked on top of one another to achieve a better
  accuracy-performance trade-off after weight quantization. For example, the **Scale Estimation**
  method can be applied along with **AWQ** and mixed-precision quantization (the ``ratio`` parameter).

> **HuggingFace Optimum-Intel API**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hugging Face Optimum-Intel API**
```

> HuggingFace Optimum-Intel provides an easy way to use NNCF Weight Compression capabilities to optimized
> large Transformer models of various types. Most of the options of NNCF ``nncf.compress_weights()`` API are
> exposed in the ``.from_pretrained()`` method of Optimum-Intel classes. Moreover, Optimum also has several datasets
> for data-aware quantization aailable out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugging Face Optimum-Intel provides an easy way to use NNCF Weight Compression capabilities to optimize
various large Transformer models. Most of the options of the NNCF ``nncf.compress_weights()`` API are
exposed in the ``.from_pretrained()`` method of Optimum-Intel classes. Optimum also has several datasets
for data-aware quantization available out-of-the-box.
```
